dalfox: add page (#11549)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/dalfox.md

# dalfox

> > DalFox is a powerful open-source tool that focuses on automation, making it ideal for quickly scanning for XSS flaws and analyzing parameters.

Reviewer: https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#descriptions
```suggestion
> A powerful open-source XSS scanner focused on automation.
```

> > More information: <https://github.com/hahwul/dalfox>.

Reviewer: I think the command-line usage is more informative than the GitHub readme.
```suggestion
> More information: <https://dalfox.hahwul.com/docs/usage>.
```
